CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## System Dependencies

### Node

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - v4.2.0+
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) - v2.14.7+

## Install project dependencies

### Global Node Module(s)

* [Grunt CLI](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-cli) - `npm install grunt-cli -g`

### Code

* Fork and clone the npm-package-json-lint repo

### Install project dependencies

`npm install`

This installs dependencies from `package.json`.

### Running the module Locally

Run `node src/cli.js`

## Code guidelines

### JS

npm-package-json-lint utilizes both ESLint and JSCS to enforce JavaScript standards. Please see the `.eslintrc.json` file for ESLint config and `.jscsrc` for JSCS config.

* [grunt-eslint](https://github.com/sindresorhus/grunt-eslint)
* [grunt-jscs](https://github.com/jscs-dev/grunt-jscs)

#### JSON

npm-package-json-lint utilizes JSON Lint to ensure JSON files are valid.

* [grunt-jsonlint](https://github.com/brandonramirez/grunt-jsonlint)

#### Checking coding style

Run `grunt lint` before committing to ensure your changes follow our coding standards.


### More info on Grunt

The configuration for Grunt tasks in this project are all in the `grunt/` folder in individual files. The Gruntfile loads in all the tasks from this folder.

## Versioning

Please use the following grunt commands to increment the package's version numbers
EX: Assume current version is 0.0.1

`grunt bump:patch`

If you run this command the version will increase the patch number (ie 0.0.2)

`grunt bump:minor`

If you run this command the version will increase the minor number (ie 0.1.0)

`grunt bump:major`

If you run this command the version will increase the major number (ie 1.0.0)


## EditorConfig

EditorConfig helps maintain consistent file formatting between different editors and developers. Please [install the plugin for you editor of choice](https://editorconfig.org/#download). Please see the `.editorconfig` file at the root of this repo to see what settings are enforced.

## License

Contributions to npm-package-json-lint are subject to the [MIT License](https://github.com/tclindner/npm-package-json-lint/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Build cli improvements (#44)
* Remove jscs, time-grunt, and grunt-bump

* Update write method of Reporter to static

* Rename test files

* Rename files and switch to chai over should

* Add nyc file to git ignore

* Update travis config for npm scripts

* Remove grunt files

* Update format of lint issue logging

* Update output format

* Add npm scripts, bump version

* Delete extra whitespace

* Remove jsonlint

* Remove require helper

* Update ESLint config

* Override class-method-use-this rule

* Resolve ESLint issues

* Resolve ESLint issue

* Resolve ESLint issues

* Remove unused var

* Fix typo that was causing a reference error

* Update changelog

* Add missing dependency

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## System Dependencies

### Node

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - v4.2.0+
* [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) - v2.14.7+

## Install project dependencies

### Code

* Fork and clone the npm-package-json-lint repo

### Install project dependencies

`npm install`

This installs dependencies from `package.json`.

### Running the module Locally

Run `node src/cli.js`

## npm scripts

`npm run lint`

This will:

* run linters

`npm test`

This will:

* run all of the mocha tests

## Code guidelines

### JS

npm-package-json-lint utilizes ESLint to enforce JavaScript standards. Please see the `.eslintrc.json` file for ESLint config.

* [eslint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint)

#### Checking coding style

Run `npm run lint` before committing to ensure your changes follow our coding standards.

## Versioning

Please use the following commands to increment the package's version numbers
EX: Assume current version is 0.0.1

`npm version patch --no-git-tag-version`

If you run this command the version will increase the patch number (ie 0.0.2)

`npm version minor --no-git-tag-version`

If you run this command the version will increase the minor number (ie 0.1.0)

`npm version major --no-git-tag-version`

If you run this command the version will increase the major number (ie 1.0.0)


## EditorConfig

EditorConfig helps maintain consistent file formatting between different editors and developers. Please [install the plugin for you editor of choice](https://editorconfig.org/#download). Please see the `.editorconfig` file at the root of this repo to see what settings are enforced.

## License

Contributions to npm-package-json-lint are subject to the [MIT License](https://github.com/tclindner/npm-package-json-lint/blob/master/LICENSE).
